We are seeking a talented and innovative Machine Learning Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for developing advanced machine learning models, creating AI application prototypes, and designing production-ready AI systems. 

Key Responsibilities: 

Design and implement machine learning models, focusing on Computer Vision (e.g., image classification, object detection, segmentation) and LLMs (e.g., text generation, embeddings, fine-tuning transformers). 
Lextech possesses many proprietary techniques that ensures performance; however, suggestion and trying new thing is encouraged 
While data labelling is not part of the responsibility, guiding and specifying labelling format is part of the responsibility 
Research, experiment, and apply state-of-the-art deep learning techniques for image, video, voice and text analytics. 
Build and optimize model architectures using frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Hugging Face. 
Create proof-of-concept AI application prototypes to validate innovative solutions 
Design and implement scalable production systems for AI applications 
Evaluate and optimize machine learning algorithms to meet with resource requirements 
Document technical specifications and model performance 
Required Qualifications: 

Bachelor or Master's in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Science, or related technical field 
At least 2+ years of professional experience in develop or maintain machine learning-relating application 
Strong programming skills in Python, with expertise in:  
TensorFlow, PyTorch, or similar deep learning frameworks 
ML model optimization techniques for deployment 
Strong expertise in Computer Vision techniques (object detection, object classification, object tracking, object identification, LVM, etc.) 
Experience with LLMs (fine-tuning, training, and deploying models like GPT, BERT, LLaMA, etc.).  
Proficiency in machine learning techniques – we provide services in Textual, Voice, and Vision analytics.  
Experience with cloud-based ML deployment (AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure) is a big plus. 
While not mandatory, we expect you to familiar with MLOps technology like Docker, ML Model Serving, API development CI/CD for model deployment. 
Strong mathematical background in linear algebra, statistics, and probability 
Additional Requirement: 

While we are seeking those with excellent problem-solving abilities, practicality and sustainability are also a big concern. 
Effective communication skills: able to communicate complex concepts to non-technical personnel. You will be working with a lot of non-technical personnel. 
We are not looking for developers; we are looking for machine learning engineer or data scientist who can develops if needed. 
While we normally allocate dedicated personnel for text, vision, and voices – time would come where we share resources; so keep you mind open. 